## Programming challenge description:

 A company wants to track change in their organization by knowing how many levels exist between
any two employees. This number will help them know who is being promoted and who is not.

### For example:

If Susan reports to John and John reports to Amy. Then, there are 2 level between Susan and Amy.

Write a program that will count how many levels exist between any two names in a hierarchy of employees. The program must read a list of name pairs that represent an employee and their manager.

### HINT: The two names to compare may be in different parts of the organizational tree and not have a direct managerial line.

### Input:

The first line of input will be a pair of names to compare.

All subsequent lines will be employee/manager pairs. The company's complete hierarchy will be included so no incomplete trees will exist.

For example:

Susan/Amy
Susan/John
John/Amy

Output:

The number of levels between the pair requested, including the top manager's level. In the example above, the Output should be: 2

### Test 1

Test Input Download Test 1 Input

Susan/Amy

Susan/John

John/Amy

Expected OutputDownload Test 1 Input

2

### Test 2

Test InputDownload Test 2 Input

Scott/David

Terry/David

Kyle/David Ben/Kyle

Scott/Jon

Chris/Scott

Jon/Kenny

Kenny/David

David/Mike

Expected OutputDownload Test 2 Input

3

### Test 3

Test InputDownload Test 3 Input

Ben/Jon

Terry/David

Kyle/David

Ben/Kyle

Scott/Jon

Chris/Scott

Jon/Kenny

Kenny/David

Expected OutputDownload Test 3 Input

0

### Test 4

Test InputDownload Test 4 Input

Christy/Susan

Aimee/Melissa

Melissa/Susan

Stacy/Corinne

Gabrielle/Melissa

Corinne/Melissa

Christy/Stacy

Pat/Christy

Expected OutputDownload Test 4 Input

4
